So now we're ready to dive in and now I just want you to get the most out of this course. To get the most
out of the course,
watch the videos,
this is obvious but watch the videos and watch them at your speed.
You can slow the videos down in the udemy video player or you can speed me up and really adjust this to your requirements,
if I'm talking too fast, slow me down, am I going too slow, speed me up,
maybe skip lectures if you already know what I'm teaching in there,
it's an on-demand course so take advantage of that.
Additionally, pause and code along
or type the commands along with me,
play around with mongodb,
since it's running locally you can't mess it up,
you can always delete that database folder you created and start from scratch
but play around with mongodb and follow along because being active always gives you more than just
passively watching the videos.
In addition, make sure you do the assignments,
there are a couple of assignments in this course which are there for you to practice. In the assignments,
I always show my solution for you to compare and being forced to solve a problem on your own
first of course gives you an opportunity to really see if you really understood a certain concept.
Now additionally I will point at the official docs very often because the docs are very good and detailed
and if you need some niche case or you just want to read something or you just want to look something
up which I explained somewhere in the course but you don't know where that was, dive into the official
docs and also use Google,
that's a great additional resource to this course because with that, you'll learn to solve your problems
on your own which is always the best way of learning,
you have to learn how to solve problems on your own.
Take the course, get the basic knowledge, get the advanced knowledge too but then also dive into problems
you're facing on your own and solve them.
Now if something is unclear at any point or there is a problem you can't solve,
also use the Q&A section of this course.
I'll do my best to reply there quickly but also please help other students there,
don't just ask,
also answer because by answering, you'll become a real pro because answering is so much harder than asking.
And if you answer something which is not entirely correct,
that's no problem, you'll be corrected and you'll learn again,
so really use this as an opportunity to also challenge yourself and grow.
And with that, we got everything we need,
we get the basic theory, we got everything installed,
let's dive into mongodb and learn how to use it to its fullest potential.